Omnitrace docs refactoring (#353)
ROCm/omnitrace: docs/how-to/understanding-omnitrace-output.rst

settings are ignored. Visit `ui.perfetto.dev <https://ui.perfetto.dev>`_ and open this file.

.. image:: ../data/omnitrace-perfetto.png
   :alt: Visualization of a performance graph in Perfetto

.. image:: ../data/omnitrace-rocm.png
   :alt: Visualization of ROCm data in Perfetto

.. image:: ../data/omnitrace-rocm-flow.png
   :alt: Visualization of ROCm flow data in Perfetto

.. image:: ../data/omnitrace-user-api.png
   :alt: Visualization of ROCm API calls in Perfetto

Timemory output
========================================

Use ``omnitrace-avail --components --filename`` to view the base filename for each component, as follows

.. code-block:: shell

   $ omnitrace-avail wall_clock -C -f
   |---------------------------------|---------------|------------------------|
   |            COMPONENT            |   AVAILABLE   |        FILENAME        |
   |---------------------------------|---------------|------------------------|
   | wall_clock                      |     true      | wall_clock             |
   | sampling_wall_clock             |     true      | sampling_wall_clock    |
   |---------------------------------|---------------|------------------------|

> With the settings ``OMNITRACE_COLLAPSE_THREADS=ON`` and ``OMNITRACE_COLLAPSE_PROCESSES=ON``, which is only valid 
> with full MPI support, the Timemory output
> combines the per-thread and/or per-rank data, which have identical call stacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The settings ``OMNITRACE_COLLAPSE_THREADS`` and ``OMNITRACE_COLLAPSE_PROCESSES`` are only valid when full MPI support is enabled (link install/install.rst#mpi-support-within-omnitrace). With them set,  the Timemory combines the output of per-thread and per-rank data (respectively) of identical call stacks.
```
Something like this? I am trying to break up that long sentence.

Author: Sure. I'll work on it.

The ``OMNITRACE_FLAT_PROFILE`` setting removes all call stack hierarchy. 
Using ``OMNITRACE_FLAT_PROFILE=ON`` in combination
with ``OMNITRACE_COLLAPSE_THREADS=ON`` is a useful configuration for identifying 
min/max measurements regardless of the calling context.
The ``OMNITRACE_TIMELINE_PROFILE`` setting (with ``OMNITRACE_FLAT_PROFILE=OFF``) effectively 
generates similar data to that found
in Perfetto. Enabling timeline and flat profiling effectively generates 

> similar data to ``strace``. However, while Timemory in general

Reviewer: ```suggestion
similar data to ``strace``. However, while Timemory generally
```
